README.md, before:

<img width="100%" src="https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith/raw/main/static-files/hero.png"/>

# Flagsmith Javascript Client

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/flagsmith.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/flagsmith)
[![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/flagsmith/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/flagsmith)

The SDK clients for web and React Native for [https://www.flagsmith.com/](https://www.flagsmith.com/). Flagsmith allows you to manage feature flags and remote config across multiple projects, environments and organisations.

## Adding to your project

For full documentation visit [https://docs.flagsmith.com/clients/javascript/](https://docs.flagsmith.com/clients/javascript/)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/kyle-ssg/c36a03aebe492e45cbd3eefb21cb0486) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Getting Help

If you encounter a bug or feature request we would like to hear about it. Before you submit an issue please search existing issues in order to prevent duplicates. 

## Get in touch

If you have any questions about our projects you can email <a href="mailto:support@flagsmith.com">support@flagsmith.com</a>.

## Useful links

[Website](https://www.flagsmith.com/)

[Documentation](https://docs.flagsmith.com/)

Commit message:

feat: remove flags/ traling slash + gpr release

README.md, after:




<img width="100%" src="https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith/raw/main/static-files/hero.png"/>


[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/flagsmith.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/flagsmith)
[![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/flagsmith/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/flagsmith)

# Flagsmith Javascript Client

**This repository is a fork of [flagsmith-js-client](https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith-js-client). Below are the modifications made to the original code:**

- When fetching flags, the API URL provided in the `init` options is appended with `flags` instead of `flags/`.

---

The SDK clients for web and React Native for [https://www.flagsmith.com/](https://www.flagsmith.com/). Flagsmith allows you to manage feature flags and remote config across multiple projects, environments and organisations.

## Adding to your project

For full documentation visit [https://docs.flagsmith.com/clients/javascript/](https://docs.flagsmith.com/clients/javascript/)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/kyle-ssg/c36a03aebe492e45cbd3eefb21cb0486) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Getting Help

If you encounter a bug or feature request we would like to hear about it. Before you submit an issue please search existing issues in order to prevent duplicates. 

## Get in touch

If you have any questions about our projects you can email <a href="mailto:support@flagsmith.com">support@flagsmith.com</a>.

## Useful links

[Website](https://www.flagsmith.com/)

[Documentation](https://docs.flagsmith.com/)
